cheat-software/pastes-and-scams.md, before:

# Pastes and scams

These are some cheats that have been identified as scams, so just stay away from them.

#TODO Section
The cheats listed here should be avoid. However we need reasons on them.
## DarkAim

## InsanityCheats

## IWantCheats

Lying about permanent detections in multiple games

## Singularity.wtf

Fake-Reviews, Fake-Infos

## Icheat.io

## DeadlyCheats

## 420cheats

## Omniaim

## 5dollarcheats

Fake-Reviews

## Redeye Cheats

## abyss.gg

# End of TODO

## Ezfrags

Ezfrags is technically not a paste, but with it's high detection it is not recommended to use.

Plus we do not recommend people buying Ezfrag's premium subscription, since it is just the same as Ezfrag's free version, but ironically it has a highly detection rate than the free version. So just stay away from both Ezfrag's plan.

## Project Infinity

Project Infinity also has a free version, but since it has been identified as a paste, we do not recommend you to try it out.

## Zapped

--TODO

## Controversial Section!

* This section describes a highly controversial event/item that may subject to change, you should NOT take this as an absolute reference. By reading the following section, you are agreeing that r/csgohacks and CSGO cheating masterguide contributors will not bear any reponsibility for any misleading information.

Zapped.cc is a highly controversial cheat provider that has been claimed to leaking it's user's ip address, causing user's online privacy might be compromised. Also according to [Boring](pastes-and-scams.md), a famous cheating youtuber, who has pointed out several evidence about zapped that it is a scam. However since we cannot validate the accuracy of his sources, we are still unable to give a conclusion as of right now, but until then it will still be on the paste and scam list.

## Have we missed someting?

If we missed out other scam or paste cheat providers, feel free to [create an issue on our github](https://github.com/csgohacks/master-guide/issues), and we will look at it. However keep in mind that we may not include all of them into this list.

Commit message:

Added lethality to the list
Gave it a description based on my experience with the cheat :)

cheat-software/pastes-and-scams.md, after:

# Pastes and scams

These are some cheats that have been identified as scams, so just stay away from them.

#TODO Section
The cheats listed here should be avoid. However we need reasons on them.
## Lethality

Obviously pasted yet the owner and dev are in denial of this, Rarely updated with useful features and has vac detection issues, 
Owner lies about active members and other info to do with the cheat.

## DarkAim

## InsanityCheats

## IWantCheats

Lying about permanent detections in multiple games

## Singularity.wtf

Fake-Reviews, Fake-Infos

## Icheat.io

## DeadlyCheats

## 420cheats

## Omniaim

## 5dollarcheats

Fake-Reviews, Really bad even for the money it costs for a sub.

## Redeye Cheats

## abyss.gg

# End of TODO

## Ezfrags

Ezfrags is technically not a paste, but with it's high detection it is not recommended to use.

Plus we do not recommend people buying Ezfrag's premium subscription, since it is just the same as Ezfrag's free version, but ironically it has a highly detection rate than the free version. So just stay away from both Ezfrag's plan.

## Project Infinity

Project Infinity also has a free version, but since it has been identified as a paste, we do not recommend you to try it out.

## Zapped

--TODO

## Controversial Section!

* This section describes a highly controversial event/item that may subject to change, you should NOT take this as an absolute reference. By reading the following section, you are agreeing that r/csgohacks and CSGO cheating masterguide contributors will not bear any reponsibility for any misleading information.

Zapped.cc is a highly controversial cheat provider that has been claimed to leaking it's user's ip address, causing user's online privacy might be compromised. Also according to [Boring](pastes-and-scams.md), a famous cheating youtuber, who has pointed out several evidence about zapped that it is a scam. However since we cannot validate the accuracy of his sources, we are still unable to give a conclusion as of right now, but until then it will still be on the paste and scam list.

## Have we missed someting?

If we missed out other scam or paste cheat providers, feel free to [create an issue on our github](https://github.com/csgohacks/master-guide/issues), and we will look at it. However keep in mind that we may not include all of them into this list.
